In today's tutorial, we are going to cover a topic that can be incredibly useful when you are working
with the data formatting, merging, and splitting cells in Excel.
Whether you are organizing data, creating reports, or designing tables, knowing how to merge and
space cells effectively can save you a lot of time and effort.
So so let's dive right in.
So first step let's talk about the merging cells.
So merging cells in Excel allows you to combine two or more cells into a single larger cell.
This can be a handy for creating endings and labels or formattings or uh, like uh that are formatting
tables.
So let me show you how it's done.
Okay.
So like here, if you want to use something about like the informations or info or this one, I will
just want to use it.
This is kind of the info under the info.
I want to use this one as the like the name and also the age over here.
Okay, so now here I go.
If I want to use also our maps.
Also those those two cells over here, I can easily do it.
First one you need to select the cell and go to the home tab on the Excel ribbon.
Now look for the Merge and Center button in the island group okay, so click on the arrow next to it
okay.
So and you will see a few options which is align and the content of the middle or more cells.
And also the uh like you can you will find the merge across or the merge cells over here.
Okay.
Uh I will just use the UC or the merge and the center for now.
Click over here.
Okay.
So you see the the selected cells are merged into a single cells within a content center.
It's a simple as that.
Okay.
If I want to make it in a single row I want to make it the single row.
This one I can just click over here.
Marcia Sanders, you can now see it comes over the singles row over here.
Now let's talk about the splitting cells.
Splitting cells LLC to divide a single cell into multiple cells.
This can be useful for the separating data and adjusting layout of your spreadsheets.
Let me demonstrate.
So spelled your.
First.
You need to select the cells that you want to split.
Like if I want to merge or if I want to spell this one, then go back to the again and to the merge
and center server into the alignment group on the home tab.
And this time, instead of the selecting Merge and center, click on the arrow row and next to it choose
the unmarked cells.
Okay, so Excel will automatically spill the merge cells back to the its original individual cells over
here.
And if I want to use also this one then go to the over here and use the Our cells index.
So depending the on the content layout of your spreadsheets, you may need to adjust the columns and
width.
Uh, after splitting cells ensure anything uh, fits nicely.
You can do this by clicking and dragging, like here.
Or you can just drag in the columns under it to resize it, or you can easily make it or you can easily
adjust it.
Okay.
So and there you have it, uh, you have learned how to merge and expelled cells in it.
So these are essential techniques that can help you format your data more effectively and makes your
spreadsheets looks more professional.
So practicing using this feature in your own Excel project and will be coming or becoming a formation
or formatting in no time.
So thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.